# Agenda week 3

---

~55 minutes

---
| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date: | 19-03-2024 |
| Time: | 15:45 |
| Location: | Drebbelweg PC-hall 1 |
| Chair | Yavor Pachedzhiev |
| Minute Taker | Stijn de Lange |
| Attendees: | TBD |

## Opening by chair (1 min)
- Who's here?
- Quick catch-up for Duuk.

## Check-in (3 min)
- How is everyone doing?
- Anybody need help with anything?

## Announcements by the TA (3 min)
## Presentation of current app to TA (5 min)
- Highlight of the integration points between frontend and backend accomplished so far.
## Talking points for this week (35 min)
- Any questions we have for the Duuk?
- Exactly how far along are we? (60-70% done??)
- What's done and what's still on the list?
- Are we good with how things are built? Any tweaks needed?
- Main task now: Let's get the frontend talking to the backend.
  - Pinpointing what needs to be linked up ASAP.
  - Who's doing what for this?
- Websockets:
  - Decided on why and where we're using them?
  - Who's setting them up?
- How do we divide moving forward? (frontend/backend?, mix of both?, how many ppl per group?)
- Backend guys need to do frontend (maybe this week?)


## Summary of meeting (4 min)
- Recap of key decisions and assigned tasks.
## Feedback for the meeting (5 min)
## Any questions? + Closure (5 min)
# Minute taker notes
- HCI assignment needs to be done
- we divided the tasks for everyone. We decided that we won't work together that much, unless we need help.
- the work is devided as follows
  1. Maciej: settle debt, debt testing
  2. Jesse: event overview and related stufff for frontend, finish admin window
  3. Yavor: participant frontend connecting, and changing the add participant so you need Iban ect.
  4. Joris: language
  5. Stijn: websocket
  6. Julian: config file client side
- we use websockets atleast once, but look at places to maybe add it
- for the presentation we can run it on a local server
- we do not plan any additional meetings for this week
- if the issue is closed we do not need to change them. However, we need to improve our issues. We need to connect our issues to user-stories.
- we are planning to do the live language switch for more than 2 languages
